st - simple terminal
--------------------
st is a simple xterm replacement - this is a fork of the original from the
suckless project.

NOTES ON THE FORK:
------------------

I have slightly different priorities than the original project. When I first
discovered st, I was delighted by the size of the codebase; unfortunately, the
quality of the code left something to be desired.

Personally, I care much more about aesthetics and elegance and /beauty/ than
just code size.  Code size is an important metric; the same functionality in 3k
loc is likely to be more elegant than an implementation in 30k lines. But
modularity, readability, /elegancy/ are important too.

We should write code to outlast us. This means it should be simple and clear to
the people who come after us; small and modular and easy to work with.

Also, the upstream project was all about stripping out functionality that could
be done with other tools, in the name of orthogonality. This is great in
principle, but they turn it into something of a religion. Often, the
functionality in question (things like tabs or scrollback) are things that
really shouldn't add much code _provided they're implemented cleanly_; the
problem was that when first implemented in other projects people didn't go back
and refactor, they just pile cruft on top of cruft. But that doesn't mean we
have to make the same mistakes.

Also, the most beautiful code in the world is of little relevance if people
can't or won't use it because of mundane practical concerns. The way
configuration is done, for example - a header file might seem clean and simple
to the original author, but today people tend to expect and enjoy the
functionality provided by things like gsettings. Yes, glib is fairly horrible in
some ways, but let's try to integrate with the rest of the current desktop stack
where it doesn't add too much pain, for the sake of the users.

The modern desktop environment has brought a lot of genuinely useful
functionality; the implementations may tend to be horrible, but let's try and
fix things where and when possible, not ignore them and build up new castles in
isolation.

Requirements (debian packages):
-------------------------------

 * libx11-dev
 * libxft-dev
 * libfontconfig1-dev
 * libfreetype6-dev
 * libglib2.0-dev

Installation
------------

A simple make, make install should be all that's required. The makefile obeys
the normal PREFIX and DESTDIR variables, and installs into /usr/local by
default.

Configuration
-------------

The original suckless st was configured entirely through config.h; if you want
to change the colour scheme or shortcut keys you'll still have to modify
config.h, then rebuild and reinstall.

Other configuration options have been migrated to gsettings. There's no provided
gui, but you can use dconf-editor (navigate to /org/evilpiepirate/st) or use the
commandline dconf tools to change the default font and some other options.

Credits
-------
Forked from http://st.suckless.org/ and heavily rewritten.
Based on Aurélien APTEL <aurelien dot aptel at gmail dot com> bt source code.
